I've always been involved in communal activity, whether it be Jewish or non-Jewish.
I've always been active. So when my son Daniel was born and went to school, I was involved from the first year in the Parents Teachers Association.
And with my links obviously to the warehouse, I could give the school a more advantageous prices and they could buy it normally.
And I became the social chair for quite a while and we used to do summer fates.
I also used to sell fireworks, so I started doing firework displays and I used to do the firework display at the local school.
I was also then involved in the King Coydon Lakeside Festival, which brought the whole community together.
And I worked with local councillors, other parents, volunteers, governors.
And when Daniel left Lakeside, one of the projects we'd undertaken before he left was to convert a disused swimming pool into one of the first after-school clubs in Cardiff.
And we created Dragonflies. And Dragonflies I still think is thriving today.
It's an after-school club that allows parents who are working to drop their children off at school early, maybe from about seven quarters to eight, prior to school.
And then the workers would then pick up the children from school and keep them until five, six o'clock at night when the parents finished work.
And it was an amazing facility ahead of its time. We were very much ahead of its time.
We actually got Baroness Tanni Grey-Thompson to open it because new regulations had come in where we had to have all facilities to cater for disabled access.
And Tanni had just become a local Paralympian. And she was brought in.
Her family lived in the Heath and she came, she agreed to come and open the centre for us.
And it was a great achievement. And I was still involved with the organisation and the running of that group even after five years after Daniel had left Lakeside and moved on to Cardiff High.
And when he moved on to Cardiff High, I was involved with the Parents Teacher Association there.
And up until this year, I mean Daniel's 34 now, so he left school when he was 18, 16 years later, some of the work that I used to do on a...not even work.
It was one of the jobs I used to do as an MC, a Toastmaster. And I did it for friends and family, for events and I did it for the school prom.
So they decided to start a prom I think in about...when Daniel was in about Form 5, so about two years before he actually got up to the top of the school.
And I did the Toastmaster work for that. And then even after he had left, I carried on until last year doing that work on a voluntary basis.
I do it because it gave me the opportunity. I have a principle that if you can give back something from something you've received from, it will help pay back what's been received.
So when Daniel was taking from the school his education and I was able to give back something back to the school, then I was always pleased to do so. So I've always supported that.